hello everyone my name is vova today
review on madison quest network game
It begins with the fact that Andrei Nifedov
gives us a silver youtube button and
which we have to give first
it is natural for us to spike
This Madison goes to the club
letplayshchikov and before entering meets
me
I find myself his young fans and
I ask you to take a picture with your idol he
ca n't refuse because it finds out
that I threw him 50 thousand rubles
webmoney
after that we gum goes to inspect all
the remaining locations and stumbles upon
the girl who says that for a hundred
show ass naturally I climb
own wallet and find there 50
rubles
try no happiness we can not this
do because she still wants
weave well expensive now besides i
I wanted to note that this game is very cool
distinguished by his poetic
form on quite a lot of text here and
quite a lot of it is written by itself
I know I tried to write myself
I'm not very successful in addition and in
the game has a location dedicated to advertising
here you can advertise your
channel for example besides all this you
can meet not only Andrew
Nefedova and I can also meet
unknown woman in red which
will stand and earn you this
the woman who offered her
ass for 100 rollers you are all with them
familiar on yu tuba
you can see them all in the game by the way
link to the game will be in the description because
video clip
as well as the link to the creator group
so join and play very
fun game I really liked everyone
I advise you to advise
I would like to recommend something
from contact this rump kant VKontakte
madison quest for it work
so you follow the news management
control in the game is very easy
left mouse button even yes he guessed
inventory to open inventory and
need a mouse
reach for the top or of course something in
like that and since I played at the beginning I
I will say I took them one item and matsal them
all just clicked clicked click
but then I started getting used now
I understand the logic Madison can pass
pretty easy
let's go back to this location I'm you
show that you can use the rest
I will tell you something like a phone
to you right away if you use the phone
on 2 whores for example here on that and on
this one gives you 8 talk porn now
we gum says that simka mts
it bothers him naturally
after watching this
inserts you drop this simka with which
you should be and do something if you
Want to sew a haze here as well
there are such moments in the game
which is clearly an example immediately guessed
type there put a bag cut and
put a bag and set it on fire to light
bonfire and moments about which I would be long
I thought if I did not but Madison
For example, what with Simka should be thrown into
the fire
who could guess but this is the first
box example comrades order to
leave the snake lemon and then another
since I would never have guessed
knew madison and now wanted a little
distract and show you what you can
send my channel icon on the phone
And a link to the Madison page opens.
where she tells me what's worth
subscribe
madison quest on it work so you
followed the news besides there is
discussions about the passage of the game if you
suddenly stuck on one of the moments i
I think on this all dna is finished with you
There was Vova channel rp gamer and I today
worked for you
until